=> Microsoft Windows Kerberos is an authentication protocol used in Windows environment to verify the identities
of users or services attempting to access resources within a network.

Here's how it works:

Authentication: When a user or service attempts to access a resource (like files, printers, or applications) on a network, they provide their credentials to prove their identity.

Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT): Upon successful authentication, the Key Distribution Center (KDC) issues the user or service a Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT), which serves as proof of authentication.

Service Ticket: When the user or service wants to access a specific resource, they request a Service Ticket from the KDC. The KDC verifies the TGT and issues a Service Ticket for the requested resource.

Authorization: The user or service presents the Service Ticket to the resource they want to access. If the ticket is valid, the resource grants access.

Examples: File sharing, print services, email services, and database access. 


------------------Kerbrute-----------------------------------------------------
Kerbrute is a tool used for performing Kerberos-based brute force attacks. It is typically used to 
test the security of Active Directory environments by attempting to guess users's passwords through
brute force attacks against the kerberos protocol.

Briefly: It is used to enumerate username by exploiting kerberos authentication.


Commands:

Can download the binary files from github.

kali> sudo ./kerbrute_linux_amd64 --help

Available Commands:
1: bruteforce=>Bruteforce username:password combos
2: Bruteuser=> Bruteforce a single user's password from a wordlist
3: userenum=> Enumerate valid domain usernames via kerberos
4: passwordspray=> Test a single password against a list of users

kali> sudo ./kerbrute_linux_amd64 userenum -d service.local ./user.txt --dc 10.10.135.182

--dc: Specifies the IP address of the domain controller to target.
-d: Specifies the name of the target domain.
-users: Specifies a list of usernames of enumerate. This could be a file containing a list of usernames
or a single username.


---------------------AR-REP (authentication services response) attack--------
AS-REP Roasting is a technique used in Kerberos authentication environments for attacking weak user passwords. It takes advantage of a feature in the Kerberos protocol where the Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT) can be requested without presenting a pre-authentication token (a timestamp encrypted with the user's password).

When a user account is configured with "Do not require Kerberos pre-authentication" flag set, an attacker can request an AS-REP (Authentication Service Response) ticket for that user 
account without providing a pre-authentication token. The attacker can then attempt to crack the encrypted part of the AS-REP ticket offline, which typically contains the user's TGT 
encrypted with the user's password hash. If the password is weak, it can be cracked, allowing the attacker to impersonate the user and potentially escalate privileges.

-----------------GETNPUsers------------------------------
In Kali Linux, GetNPUsers is a part of the Impacket toolkit, which is a collection of Python classes for working with network protocols. Specifically, GetNPUsers is a tool used for performing a specific type of attack against Active Directory environments called "ASREPRoasting."

ASREPRoasting is a technique used to extract password hashes from user accounts in an Active Directory domain where Kerberos pre-authentication is disabled. It exploits the fact that certain accounts, such as service accounts, are not required to perform pre-authentication when requesting a Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT) from the Key Distribution Center (KDC).

GetNPUsers works by requesting TGTs for specified user accounts without providing pre-authentication data. It then attempts to crack the TGTs offline to obtain the password hashes of 
the targeted user accounts. These password hashes can then be subjected to brute-force attacks or other cracking techniques to recover the plaintext passwords.


-----------------------'services' command--------------
kali> services 

It will display all currently commands

------------------------sc.exe config <service name> binPATH:<binary path>----------
kali> sc.exe config <service name> binPATH:<binary path>

It will modify, create, delete the running serivces only windows systems.

--------------------------------------------